docs(forks): add concurrency considerations (#4979)
zeebe-io/zeebe: docs/src/basics/job-workers.md

This allows the broker to handle bursts of traffic and effectively act as a _buffer_ in front of the job workers.

## Completing and Failing Jobs
After working on an activated job, a job worker can inform the broker that the job has either been
completed or failed. If the job worker could successfully complete its work, it can inform the
broker of this success by sending a complete job command. If the job could not be completed within
the configured job activation timeout, then the broker will make the job available again to other
job workers.

In order to expose the results of the job, the job worker can pass variables with the complete job
command. These variables will be merged into the workflow instance depending on the output variable
mapping. Note that this may overwrite existing variables and can lead to race conditions in
parallel flows. We recommend completing jobs with only those variables that need to be changed.

If the job worker could not successfully complete its work, it can inform the broker of this failure

> by sending a fail job command. Fail job messages include a retries number. If this is a positive

Reviewer: Foud one more message :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: 

```suggestion
by sending a fail job command. Fail job commands include the number of remaining retries. If this is a positive
```
